document for specifying the `buildHttp.proxy` for `HttpUrlPlugin` (#5956)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/experiments.mdx

By default webpack would generate a `<compiler-name.>webpack.lock` file>. Make sure to commit it into a version control system. During the `production` build, webpack will build those modules beginning with `http(s):` protocol from the lockfile and caches under [`experiments.buildHttp.cacheLocation`](#experimentsbuildhttpcachelocation).

#### experiments.buildHttp.proxy

> Define the proxy to specify the proxy server for remote resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the proxy server to use for fetching remote resources.
```

- Type: `string`

> By default webpack would try to use the `http_proxy` environment variable to specify the proxy server for remote resources. Besides, you can define the proxy server by setting the `proxy` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default webpack would imply the proxy server to use for fetching remote resources from the `http_proxy` environment variable. However, you can also specify one through the `proxy` option.
```

Should it be `https_proxy`?

Author: Confirmed that using `http_proxy`.

Reviewer 2: Is this case sensitive? or both `http_proxy`/`HTTP_PROXY` works?

Reviewer 2: Works for me. /cc @chenxsan
